Add applying style documentation (#141)
revisit-studies/reVISit-studies.github.io: docs/designing-studies/applying-style.md

<StructuredLinks
    demoLinks={[
        {name: "Style Demo", url: "https://revisit.dev/study/demo-style"}
    ]}
    codeLinks={[
        {name: "Style Demo Code", url: "https://github.com/revisit-studies/study/blob/main/public/demo-style"}
    ]}
    referenceLinks={[
        {name: "UIConfig", url: "../../typedoc/interfaces/UIConfig"},
        {name: "BaseIndividualComponent", url: "../../typedoc/interfaces/BaseIndividualComponent"},
        {name: "BaseResponse", url: "../../typedoc/interfaces/BaseResponse"},
        {name: "CSS Properties", url:"https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Properties"}
    ]}
/>

ReVISit provides flexible styling capabilities to customize the appearance of your study components and responses. You can apply styles at three levels: **globally through UI configuration**, at the **component** level, and at the **response** level.

This comprehensive styling feature allows you to create accessible and visually appealing study interfaces that enhance the participant experience. 

## Styling Methods

There are two primary ways to apply styles to your study:

### 1. External CSS Files (`stylesheetPath`)

> For comprehensive styling with multiple rules, pseudo-classes.
> Load external CSS files for comprehensive styling across components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For comprehensive styling with complex rules, pseudo-classes, etc. across all components, you can load external CSS files.
```

  ...
}
```

When styling elements with external CSS files, target them using the appropriate selectors:

**Class Selectors:**
- Sidebar: `.sidebar`
- Study Browser: `.studyBrowser`
- Header/Title Bar: `.header`
- Main Content Area: `.main`
- Logo Image: `.logoImage`
- Study Title: `.studyTitle`
- Progress Bar: `.progressBar`
- Help Modal: `.helpModal`
- Component Container: `.componentType` (e.g., `.markdown`, `.image`)
- Response type: `.responseType` (e.g., `.textOnly`, `.likert`)
- Response Block Container: `.responseBlock`
- Response Block Container with Location: `.responseBlock-location` (e.g., `responseBlock-aboveStimulus`, `responseBlock-belowStimulus`)
- Individual Response: `.response`

**ID Selectors:**
- Component: `#componentName` (e.g., `#introduction`, `#survey-question`)
- Response: `#responseId` (e.g., `#final-feedback`, `#user-rating`)

:::note
Styles are applied in the following order (later styles override earlier ones):

1. **Global UI Styles** (`uiConfig.stylesheetPath`)
2. **Component Styles** (`component.stylesheetPath` and `component.style`)
3. **Response Styles** (`response.stylesheetPath` and `response.style`)
:::

### 2. Inline Styles (`style`)

> For basic styling like sizing, colors, and fonts.
> Apply specific CSS properties directly to components or responses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For basic styling like sizing, colors, and fonts, apply specific CSS properties directly to components or responses:
```
